Adds a section for integration in mvc and expressive applications (#183)
zendframework/zend-inputfilter: docs/book/application-integration/usage-in-a-zend-expressive-application.md

based application. The example uses a module, config provider configuration,
zend-servicemanager as dependency injection container, the zend-inputfilter
plugin manager and a request handler.

Before starting, make sure zend-inputfilter is installed and configured.

## Create Input-Filter

Create an input-filter as separate class, e.g.
`src/Album/InputFilter/QueryInputFilter.php`:

```php
namespace Album\InputFilter;

use Zend\Filter\ToInt;
use Zend\I18n\Validator\IsInt;
use Zend\InputFilter\InputFilter;

class QueryInputFilter extends InputFilter
{
    public function init()
    {
        // Page
        $this->add(
            [
                'name'              => 'page',
                'allow_empty'       => true,
                'validators'        => [
                    [
                        'name' => IsInt::class,                        
                    ],                    
                ],
                'filters'           => [
                    [
                        'name' => ToInt::class,
                    ],
                ],
                'fallback_value'    => 1,
            ]
        );
    
        // …
    }
}
```

> ## Register Input-Filter

Reviewer: `s/Input-Filter/InputFilter/`

> Extend the configuration provider of the module to register the input-filter,

Reviewer: Throughout, use "input filter" instead of "input-filter"; two words instead of a hyphenated word.

Nowhere else in the documentation do we use the hyphenated form, to my knowledge.

Author: I think the hyphenated form results from my German spelling rules. 😉  I'll correct that.

    }
    
    public function handle(ServerRequestInterface $request) : ResponseInterface
    {
        $this->inputFilter->setData($request->getQueryParams());
        $this->inputFilter->isValid();
        $filteredParams = $this->inputFilter->getValues();
        
        // …
    }
}
```

### Create Factory for Handler

Fetch the `QueryInputFilter` from the input-filter plugin manager in a factory,
e.g. `src/Album/Handler/ListHandlerFactory.php`:

```php
namespace Album\Handler;

use Album\InputFilter\QueryInputFilter;
use Psr\Container\ContainerInterface;
use Zend\InputFilter\InputFilterPluginManager;

class ListHandlerFactory
{
    public function __invoke(ContainerInterface $container)
    {
        /** @var InputFilterPluginManager $pluginManager */
        $pluginManager = $container->get(InputFilterPluginManager::class);
        $inputFilter   = $pluginManager->get(QueryInputFilter::class);

        return new ListHandler($inputFilter);
    }
}
```

> ### Instantiating the Input-Filter
>
> The `InputFilterPluginManager` calls the `init` method _after_ instantiating
the input-filter and injecting it with a factory composing all the various 

> plugin-manager services.

Reviewer: This is the rationale, but you should likely state the question that it answers: "Why don't we just instantiate the input filter directly?" And the answer is: to ensure we get the filter and validator plugin managers injected.

### Register Handler

> Extend the configuration provider of the module to register the input-filter,

Reviewer: I would maybe note "If you haven't already, register the handler and its factory with your configuration provider."

In most cases, this should already be the case, particularly if they used the console tooling to originally create the handler.

Author: Good idea. I will recheck the handling with the console tooling.

    }
    
    public function handle(ServerRequestInterface $request) : ResponseInterface
    {
        $this->inputFilter->setData($request->getQueryParams());
        $this->inputFilter->isValid();
        $filteredParams = $this->inputFilter->getValues();
        
        // …
    }
}
```

### Create Factory for Handler

Fetch the `QueryInputFilter` from the input filter plugin manager in a factory,
e.g. `src/Album/Handler/ListHandlerFactory.php`:

```php
namespace Album\Handler;

use Album\InputFilter\QueryInputFilter;
use Psr\Container\ContainerInterface;
use Zend\InputFilter\InputFilterPluginManager;

class ListHandlerFactory
{
    public function __invoke(ContainerInterface $container)
    {
        /** @var InputFilterPluginManager $pluginManager */
        $pluginManager = $container->get(InputFilterPluginManager::class);
        $inputFilter   = $pluginManager->get(QueryInputFilter::class);

        return new ListHandler($inputFilter);
    }
}
```

> ### Instantiating the InputFilter
>
> The `InputFilterPluginManager` is used instead of directly instantiating the
> input filter to ensure we get the filter and validator plugin managers

> > injected. This allows to use custom registered filters and validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> injected. This allows usage of any filters and validators registered with their respective plugin managers.
```
